docs(inbound-connectors): Document Process Definitions polling limitations (#6823)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/connector-types.md

When the process definition is deleted or replaced with a newer version, the connector object will be removed or updated as well.

:::note
The connector Runtime currently fetches only the **latest version** of each process definition.

> Previously activated inbound connectors for older versions of a process definition are deactivated when a new version of the process definition is deployed. You can [migrate older versions](../../concepts/process-instance-migration) to the latest version to keep using inbound connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying a new process definition version deactivates inbound connectors from older versions. [Migrate older versions](../../concepts/process-instance-migration) if the new inbound connector configuration won't correlate messages for existing instances.
```

Reviewer: @johnBgood I tried to add the aspect that newer versions might still work and migration is only needed if it doesnt.

Author: perfect I'll update the other pages, thx
